this is what i'm planning to make:

Voor opdracht van Stijn, maak een app (kan ook op computer zijn en zo enkel de app versie gebruiken), ik heb gekozen voor een food recogntion app, Stijn zei dat ik best een beperk aantal neem, bv: enkl groenten en fruit, of vlees, italiaanse gerechten, chineese gerechten, we mogen een gebruikt model nemen, maar gebruik er ook echt een use case voor

this is the assignment:
Build an AI and apply it into an application.

At minimum you apply a pre-trained model. At best you retrain an existing model with new data or create your own model based on an existing dataset or a dataset you've collected yourself (e.g. trough use of the application).

 

The goal is to deliver an AI driven application. It doesn't need to be a fully developed, ready for market application. But it also shouldn't be just a demo. I expect a minimal effort to integrate your AI into an application, even though the application itself can be limited to a few screens and core features. 

You can work alone or in a group of 2. Make sure your git repository reflects contributions on core parts of the assignment for both members of the group.

 

To deliver:

A github link to your project, if your repo is set to private make sure to share it with my github account: stijn.vanpeborgh@thomasmore.be
readme should contain a step by step instruction how te set up the project
A video in which you showcase your application (.mp4 max 100Mb)
walk me trough the app with a voice over
describe how you've developed your project
provide infromation about the core technology 
walk me trough the code base
indicate any problems and/or difficulties you've experienced and how you've dealt with them
Add a small paper that describes the use case(s) in which your machine learning model could be and/or has been applied. This document reflects your personal vision on how the model could be applied in a digital AI-driven product. Describe how data could be gathered for/by such a product and how the models output could be used for such a product.

could you please help me with this? also don't make it too difficult, don't use, python, just html, css and javascript

